listen all of y'all need to go see this
mr. Rogers documentary immediately
I don't know everyone's high on
documentaries right but I'm telling you
bro
this year has some really great ones out
there some that are so good they may
even break your top ten but the thing
with the mr. Rogers documentary right
and I'll be honest with you it said it
doesn't have any fancy editing there's
no gimmick right legit if you wanted to
save your money you can just search up a
lot of these clips online - some of the
interviews that are there because it
just goes to show you that Mister Rogers
story speaks for itself now in case you
don't know who this man is
let me explain mr. Rogers has a G
Frederick McFeely Rogers was born in
1928 and was supposed to become a priest
but he either saw what priest was really
doing the kids or just realize how he
could really help them through
television but the kid was out there
television was the thing people used to
watch before YouTube and streaming and
mr. R was the goat when it came to being
a positive role model through that you
know he had this show called Mister
Rogers neighborhood which two kids
nowadays maybe like the dumbest thing in
the world but it actually made a
difference to those who were watching it
right he would voice things through
different puppets but the most G thing
that he was doing out there was that he
was the king of subliminals it would be
with small things like having the angry
puppets be based off of people he knew
like his aunt who was a shrew but then
he would cover current topics like
racial tensions on the news where black
folk worry the pool just chilling and
then randomly you had these buffoons
would come out and try to bleach them so
what Fred did was he decided to get his
homey officer Clemens to come wade in
the water with him to piss off the races
on TV there's even this clip you can
find a line right now where he goes to
court in order to maintain the funding
that he needed for PBS the funding that
he needed to continue helping children
and this man straight up murdered this
pen straight up demolished
he crucified this man with kindness and
he got the funding like this dude was
the real deal right he actually cared
about kids and considering I worked out
of school I know how the system works
you know one you get no respect if
you're a cartoon but two you see how a
lot of people are actually focused on
the money side of things and not the
kids that's heartbreaking
mr. Rogers however he cared he spoke to
these kids with puppets he would
see the best in people even when people
didn't like him which yeah you got to be
on some level of pettiness when you want
to have beef with Frederick Rogers and
even though people wanted to slander his
name right they even show you how at his
funeral people had signs blaming him for
why America is hell mother in America
stupid all he ever showed back was
respect and I know there's a whole thing
about civility right now right it's been
all over Twitter and you know obviously
it's a case-by-case basis I get that
you're not gonna be nice so that someone
who's like whipping you but y'all notice
how it's usually people on the same side
fighting with each other I miss the fact
that there's not someone like mr. Rogers
on TV right now right someone more
positive and encouraging than Caleb
someone who influenced me so not only up
my style with this cardigan but show
kindness to others and remind everybody
how important they are I'm just so proud
of all of you who have grown up with us
and I know how tough it is some days to
look with hope and confidence on the
months and years ahead but I would like
to tell you what I often told you when
you were much younger I like you just
the way you are thank you guys for
checking out this video curious to know
your thoughts
I know that it's not even to say mr.
Rogers isn't for everyone right he took
his time he's slower I don't think we
have the attention span to listen to him
today but honestly what he did not only
influenced a lot of the things that go
on in the a TZ show Channel but like it
was just his viewpoint on life always
being positive and hopeful there's a
scene in the movie where where 9/11
happens and he doesn't get the points of
of him going out there and saying things
and it's like bro the scariest thing
ain't the movie hereditary the scariest
thing is seeing mr. Rogers the person
who's supposed to have all hope
lose no hope man it makes you feel void
of everything but now for real maybe you
don't know who mr. Rogers is I would
implore you to watch this documentary
because usually use a true person I use
a real G and yeah
av Club you should have never posted
this little article right here trying to
slander his name you know how easy it
would have been to have this be my
thumbnail I respect the man too much I
hope that you guys too don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you a pair of cons and cardigan